Cm/be/ce/pse 8 to coding challenge (#7)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-pses: 08/kth-missing-positive-number.checkpoint.md

<!-- ======================= END CHALLENGE ======================= -->

<!-- >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> BEGIN CHALLENGE >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>> -->
<!-- Replace everything in square brackets [] and remove brackets  -->

### !challenge

* type: code-snippet
* language: python3.6
* id: 5a380194-96e2-4b87-9aa7-2fe407448e1f
* title: Coding Solution
* points: 3
* topics: python, pse, python-lists

##### !question

> Write the code to solve the problem here.  You can use the tests to guide your solution.

Reviewer: What tests? Am I missing how the students would see the tests?

I feel like the first sentence is awkward (Wouldn't we say "Code" as a verb instead of "write the code"? And isn't "the code to solve the problem" both obvious, but also ambiguous, since there isn't really a problem, but tests to pass?) I'm suggesting rewording it. Also, since this won't pass unless the tests pass, the students must use the tests, rather than a suggestive "You can" haha

```suggestion
Implement `kth_missing_positive_number`.  Use these tests to guide your solution.
```

Personally, I think it'd be additionally awesome to acknowledge that these tests will make assumptions that they might not have been made in the earlier questions.

```suggestion
Implement `kth_missing_positive_number`.

Use these tests to guide your solution. These tests may make different assumptions about the problem than you did! Do not alter your assumptions above, and take these assumptions for this challenge.
```

##### !end-question

##### !placeholder

```python
def kth_missing_positive_number(numbers, k):
    '''
    INPUT: List of numbers in increating order & a positive integer k
    OUTPUT: The kth missing number
    '''

    pass
```

##### !end-placeholder

##### !tests

```py
import unittest
import main as p
import numpy as np

class TestPython1(unittest.TestCase):

>   def test_example_one(self):

Reviewer: Woops, forgot to add these comments in my last review, sorry >_<

More descriptive test names that describe the situation may help. Also, referencing the tested function name would help.

Gonna make similar suggestions for each test name

Leaving it without a situation since it's our prototypical case

```suggestion
  def test_kth_missing_positive_number(self):
```

    # Arrange
    list = [2,3,4,7,11]
    k = 5

    # Act
    answer = p.kth_missing_positive_number(list, k)

    # Assert
    self.assertEqual(9, answer)

>   def test_example_2(self):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  def test_kth_missing_positive_number_finds_num_after_entire_given_list(self):
```

    # Arrange
    list = [1,2,3,4]
    k = 2

    # Act
    answer = p.kth_missing_positive_number(list, k)

    # Assert
    self.assertEqual(6, answer)

>   def test_three(self):
> 
>     # Arrange
>     list = [2,3,4,7,11]
>     k = 5
> 
>     # Act
>     answer = p.kth_missing_positive_number(list, k)
> 
>     # Assert
>     self.assertEqual(9, answer)

Reviewer: How is this test different than the first case?

```suggestion
```

>   def test_k_is_one_and_one_is_missing(self):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  def test_kth_missing_positive_number_finds_num_before_entire_given_list(self):
```

> import main as p
> import numpy as np
> 
> class TestPython1(unittest.TestCase):
>   def test_example_one(self):
>     # Arrange
>     list = [2,3,4,7,11]
>     k = 5
> 
>     # Act
>     answer = p.kth_missing_positive_number(list, k)
> 
>     # Assert
>     self.assertEqual(9, answer)
> 
>   def test_example_2(self):
> 
>     # Arrange
>     list = [1,2,3,4]
>     k = 2
> 
>     # Act
>     answer = p.kth_missing_positive_number(list, k)
> 
>     # Assert
>     self.assertEqual(6, answer)
> 
>   def test_three(self):
> 
>     # Arrange
>     list = [2,3,4,7,11]
>     k = 5
> 
>     # Act
>     answer = p.kth_missing_positive_number(list, k)
> 
>     # Assert
>     self.assertEqual(9, answer)
> 
>   def test_k_is_one_and_one_is_missing(self):
> 
>     # Arrange
>     list = [2,3,4,7,11]
>     k = 1
> 
>     # Act
>     answer = p.kth_missing_positive_number(list, k)
> 
>     # Assert
>     self.assertEqual(1, answer)

Reviewer: Because we import `main as p`, we have to use `p` to access our methods, as described below.

However, if an error comes up, this will confuse the students. The stack trace will them that there's an error about `p.kth_missing_positive_number`, and they'll ask "What is `p`?"

If we import `main as *`, we can circumvent this:

```suggestion
import main as *

class TestPython1(unittest.TestCase):
  def test_example_one(self):
    # Arrange
    list = [2,3,4,7,11]
    k = 5

    # Act
    answer = kth_missing_positive_number(list, k)

    # Assert
    self.assertEqual(9, answer)

  def test_example_2(self):

    # Arrange
    list = [1,2,3,4]
    k = 2

    # Act
    answer = kth_missing_positive_number(list, k)

    # Assert
    self.assertEqual(6, answer)

  def test_three(self):

    # Arrange
    list = [2,3,4,7,11]
    k = 5

    # Act
    answer = kth_missing_positive_number(list, k)

    # Assert
    self.assertEqual(9, answer)

  def test_k_is_one_and_one_is_missing(self):

    # Arrange
    list = [2,3,4,7,11]
    k = 1

    # Act
    answer = kth_missing_positive_number(list, k)

    # Assert
    self.assertEqual(1, answer)
```

Also we aren't using numpy here so we can drop the import

I haven't tested this myself with a solution
